analyze dangerous diseases such as AIDS, hepatitis, tuberculosis, influenza
some fungal viruses and bacteria is the work of clinical chemists
laboratory of the general hospital of the state these diagnostic assistants
doctor stuck inside a laboratory are anonymous heroes because without their
work the work of the doctors would be extremely complicated the laboratory
hospital incentive
I drive we manage all the staff there all that are rivers with brushes
bodily
come from all the services you handle, external consultation manages your agencies and
everything that raises lists
hospitalization are all services practically you are him
the concentration of everything that is the general hospital with the
different diagnostic diseases
and risks inherent to Monday
cc in application the standard and you go modifying knows when and requesting
to the authorities in compliance with hygiene safety manuals
that what we have to do as chemists now you see the chemists
they all work with robes
currently with two goals
compuware mouths with their gloves
inclusive for certain sampling the logical cumbión that are of risk
like the flu shots because you have to go with a special dress
and everything is disposable
we all know already that in that they do not prepare reactive mine everything is
the silver enology of tip mine transform all this that does not want
to say that you do not have your responsibilities in these risks
also with clinical stays
but those issues have already been totally minimized and
of getting involved in other things you won us going to uncover thus face it before
of destroying transportation
something that we are or not
for everything already done and has not modified
everything that was us díez or of the profession
which are enough for 28 clinicians
three secretaries and a technician is composed of laboratory personnel
The general hospital of the state is divided into eight departments
In addition to the teaching and quality area
currently each of the laboratory chemists has a team
security personnel consisting of gloves masks disposable costumes and
other additions the arrival of the latest technology came to transform
the way of laboratory work increasing the accuracy and speed
minimizing the risks for staff analyzing a single sample led to
average one full hour
each chemist analyzed the average of 10 to 15 samples daily
because the passing of the years did not reach
to innovate all this to go modifying
there are people who had other things the hospital grew in the hospital it
modified without smoke
and then my laboratory could not be left behind
in the laboratory it had to be according to the needs of what he earns
the general population in Latin America
and so it was that as a laboratory worker he was transforming
and based on that applies everything that were measures of
of security because then nobody we all had we pointed out that it was in
that time when only 180 votes more or less
and before we saw the patients so they deteriorated that they wanted
were individual aplastic anemia nobody thought about what was a
eta disease that even
they did not take the samples with gloves before it was live shows in order
be
because I had government the security that we have now for all that is the
management of biological risks
thanks to a fortune to mention the application of rules to us having
what
be according to the hospital stick to the medical area and the processes of
certification what centers a quality control
you have to transform you
totally transforming and turning the 360 ​​degree profession
and to become what we are or not